It is a fearful time especially being on a lockdown and not knowing what the next week or two will bring. You have to stay happy and hopeful for all individuals that are currently unwell, at home or even working especially hospitals who might struggling with ventilations or any other equipment. I feel sad for the families that cannot be together especially mums with young children if they work in the NHS UK. I hope everything will improve in the world and everyone can go back to living their normal lives for example kids to go back to school and have the education that they need. People to go back to work and earn a living for their families. Especially all families and friends to finally be free and be together again because this is happiness and it is a very important thing.

I'm extremely worried with the high numbers of deaths in United Kingdom which is currently at 5,373+439. This is a lot higher and higher each day. 

I have a family member living with me who is a high risk so it is worrying especially when I have to go out to buy food and essentials and then coming home and hoping everything is ok. 

I try and clean the areas that I have touched everyday to reduce of spreading bacteria. It is a fearful time especially being on a lockdown and not knowing what the next week or two will bring. You have to stay happy and hopeful for all individuals that are currently unwell, at home or even working especially hospitals who might struggling with ventilations or any other equipment. I feel sad for the families that cannot be together especially mums with young children if they work in the NHS UK. I hope everything will improve in the world and everyone can go back to living their normal lives for example kids to go back to school and have the education that they need. People to go back to work and earn a living for their families. Especially all families and friends to finally be free and be together again because this is happiness and it is a very important thing.

I'm extremely worried with the high numbers of deaths in United Kingdom which is currently at 5,373+439. This is a lot higher and higher each day. 

I have a family member living with me who is a high risk so it is worrying especially when I have to go out to buy food and essentials and then coming home and hoping everything is ok. 

I try and clean the areas that I have touched everyday to reduce of spreading bacteria. 

It is also very boring being at home and not doing anything and just doing the same repetitive activities like cleaning, cooking etc.
We have been restricted from walking outside, walking dog more than once a day or visiting any places like beach, park or anything. In the way I do understand this is good and helpful for everyone of spreading the virus so it is for the best to be sat at home and look after yourself and others. 

I just have to thing that once this is all over everyone will be out in the world and be happy

