I feel significant frustration. I feel there is too much outrage on all sides. I feel like the science is unclear because we do not have enough information, and that we (our governments) are not equipped to make the best decisions because they do not have the wherewithal to improve their information very quickly. I feel that there's a desire to 'do the right thing', but that the consequences and impacts of the choices being made are not clearly understood. I feel like we're being held hostage by an 'enemy' that, while dangerous for a proportion of society, may prove to be significantly less formidable than thought with the benefit of hindsight. I feel like our personal and physical connections are a huge part of what defines our humanity, and that restricting them has hidden consequences, particularly for those who are vulnerable with mental health difficulties. I feel that - despite our being aware that pandemics are increasingly likely in our world, thanks to our global economy, the effectiveness of medicine in treating 'regular' diseases, etc. - we as a society were under-prepared, preferring to not spend the necessary money to protect us better. I feel like there's a lack of understanding of the difficulties inherent in preventing viral spread, but also an over-reaction in policing people's lives and the sacrifice of personal liberty. I feel depressed that this unprecedented situation will likely be used as an excuse/justification for issues in the future, and may hamper our ability to tackle other pressing problems in the world. I feel concerned that my reaction to the situation hasn't been the same as others, and that I am finding it hard to not be overwhelmed by the frustration. I am glad of my 17 mile commute through pretty countryside, and the requirement (as a 'key' worker) for me to be at work, which has helped support my own mental health, something that has been fragile for many years. I am depressed that I'm not in a more significant role, able to better help people in need. I am bothered by the fact that the 'lockdown' has shown how barren my life is, but that I feel no ability to alter it, either now, or at the end of the current situation. I feel I'm struggling to properly engage with some of the more positive things that are happening - communities pulling together, activities online, reinforcements of ties between friends. I feel like social media, and the internet is proving both it's strengths and it's weaknesses at being a place to share both good and bad information, to make good and bad connections. I feel like the cost of this will be high, monetarily and otherwise, and that it may become a driver of division and conflict rather than a potential driver for change.

I feel, in short, pretty odd.
