I feel a general fear of the the future and uncertainty at how long things will take to get back to some kind of normality. I also feel frustrated at being stuck inside, but I know it's for the greater good. I also do feel connected to people and it's some sense of comfort that the whole world is in this together and pulling together to get through this tough time. There is a lot of uncertainty at this moment in time, and although I know we will get through this, it’s scary to see what the world will look like on the other side. It’s tough to know that things will probably get worse before they get better and this may take some time. Sometimes when you are a few weeks behind the scale of the issue in some countries, you read the news in that country and it can be scary to think that it may be quite like this in my country. Also there is the uncertainty of not knowing what the government will do and how much limitations they will place on us. It is a strange way to be living right now with having to plan each meal, and when to go the shops and how to go the shop to buy provisions at quieter times and to try and avoid any crowds. I also worry about my family and friends who are all quite a long way away from me, and there is a sense of powerlessness that I feel sometimes. This is all quite negative but on the flip side there is opportunity in this in that I can try and work on self development and to put things into perspective and to realise that the fast paced lifestyle that we all lead is actually not the best way to live and in the future once we get through this hopefully people will put things into some sort of perspective and realise that there are more important things in life. It’s also interesting to see how nature is taking a big breather from the impact we as humans have on the world and if there are no flights, factories shut, and less people consuming energy without reason then there could be a positive impact on nature and global warming, which at least would be a good by product from this uncertain and depressing times. Hopefully this will end and people will get used to the new normality but we can be more positive and open to each other and pool together globally for the better. The other scary side product of this is the impact on the financial world, and I think that this may be further reaching and be quite tough. This does worry me to as I don’t know how it will affect me personally and also in the environment around me. All in all it is a strange potential turning point in human history and something that will be talked about for years to come.
