I am one of the people who got a letter saying to stay in for 12 weeks so for me I am not anxious about when the lockdown will end because it won't end for me. I have severe asthma so I am a bit worried about getting it because I have a high risk of needing ventilation and of dying from it. Staying in really isn't an issue for me. I have been living with chronic illness since I was 12 and at my worst I was housebound for 2 years as a teenager so this is nothing compared to that. It has actually been annoying and anger inducing to see so many people complain about the lockdown and staying in, especially if they are middle class/rich with nothing to really worry about, when I have been through worse and was completely ignored and forgotten about like so many others and the key workers are going through much worse too. People are finally experiencing what it is like to live as a disabled person where you have to cancel and grieve for events, stay in for days at a time and survive on what little money the government decides is enough for a week. But still these people can go out and exercise and we still can't. It is also very anger-inducing to see so many people flaunt the rules and go out for BBQs and sunbathing. Also plenty of people going out for 'exercise' are gathering in groups and not observing the 2-meter distance with strangers. I also find it sad that the scientific literacy is so poor in this country. People really don't understand simple things that are being told to them about how the virus works, the symptoms, when to self isolate and what the lockdown means. People are dying every day because of this stupidity. There are also way too many stupid people trying to take down 5G masts because they are transmitting the virus. There are no words for that level. I find there is a bit of toxic positivity and toxic productivity on facebook and social media in general. Like people sharing the numbers of recovered to focus on the positives because everyone else is talking about how many died when these deaths matter. It isn't just the flu. A few days ago a 13 year old died alone and now he has been buried alone with no funeral. I don't want to hear about the recovered because that shouldn't be the focus and people need to be more scared and panicked so they stay indoors and don't get complacent. There should be video from the ICUs on the TV every night to make people think. Many of my friends are taking up new hobbies and getting round to decluttering and finishing those jobs around the house you never end up doing. This is great for them and I am happy they can have some time where they aren't burned out by work constantly but it makes me feel bad because I can't do that. Being as ill as I am is like a full time job and my spare energy goes on cooking, showering and if I am lucky cleaning. I had a migraine yesterday and the most I managed to do was water my plants. I won't be joining my friends in fun creative pursuits and making my space nicer to live in during the lockdown.   I have had some darker thoughts too that maybe we deserve this. I don't believe in any higher power or some personification of mother nature but this has revealed the true nature of humanity in the west. When this started at first people just got really racist ranging from joking about Kung Flu to actually beating up ethnically Chinese people who may never have been to China. Then there was the panic buying of everyone for themselves and protecting their own and screw the rest. A week later I saw images of bins filled with rotting food they had over-purchased whilst elderly and disabled people went hungry because there was nothing in the shops or they couldn't book an online slot. Panic buying continued at pharmacies and now people are short on necessary prescription medication. And now there are people breaking social distancing for selfish reasons like when everyone treated it like a bank holiday and went to Mount Snowdon or just didn't bother because they would be fine if they got the virus. No care about those of us who are the worst affected. Even my aunt who is a nurse went out whilst having the virus to get shopping and medication and could have spread it to many more. It is just a shame that this virus disproportionately affects the elderly and sick and doesn't target selfish and stupid people instead. Now my main worry is about the antibody test because the government wants to get the country and the economy going because money matters most and will possibly allow those who are immune back to work and leave the rest of us behind. It could be that the healthy and young can go back to work and I will still be left behind until there is a vaccine. I really can't risk my life and will lose even more of it than I already have to illness if most people go back to normal. Right now everyone has been dragged nearer to my level so for me that feels okay and something I can live with. My friends are doing virtual socials and chatting online more when usually I have to cancel party invitations and skip nights out. I do have an academic interest in this too as I studied infectious diseases before so it has been frustrating to see the government go against a lot of public health research but interesting to read the latest articles on the biology of the virus. I am probably one of the few who is not getting scared at reading about the virus itself even though I am susceptible to it
